Now I want to show you how you might use aero functions within arrays so what we'll do is we'll make
a brand new array and is just going to be a good old fashioned array of numbers so just do Gnome's like
so and then we'll just said let's do three and then four and then a five and then a six.
And that should be good.
Now typically the way we might loop through this is to do something like Gnome's done for each and then
pass in a function and then it gets an item passed in so we'll just call it.
And then after that we might do something like for example return.
Let's say the number plus five or something like that right now will typically work out the way we want
it to.
However another way to actually do this would just be to use an arrow function so we could do is Gnome's
dot for each.
And then inside of here we can just do numb and then arrow function knowm plus five.
So I don't know about you but that looks a lot shorter to me and it applies the same thing that we just
talked about here.
Essentially we only have one argument or one parameter so we don't need parentheses for our erro functions.
And then on top of that since we're just returning It's just a one line return statement.
We can just add curly braces right here and get rid of our curly braces that we would typically have
right here.
Now obviously if we wanted to do something else like counseled not log this we might need to add curly
braces like for example wrap it.
And then after we wrap it we'll go ahead and just put this inside of cancelled out log and then if we
actually specified that we want to print out the index to we would need to wrap this in parentheses
because now we have more than one parameter like so.
But either way it's just so you know how you might use these different arrow functions with things you
already know how to do.